[develop] Added an option for RRFS external model files used as ICS and LBCS (#1089)
ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app: doc/UsersGuide/CustomizingTheWorkflow/InputOutputFiles.rst

ways, including: 

>    * Pulled from the `SRW App Data Bucket <https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-ufs-shortrangeweather/>`__,

Reviewer: I'd change this to say 
```
* Pulled from the `SRW App Data Bucket <https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-ufs-shortrangeweather/>`_ or the `RRFS data bucket (rrfs_a data) <https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-rrfs/>`_, or 
```
and delete the last bullet (just to keep the data bucket info together).

   * Pulled from the NOAA High Performance Storage System (:term:`HPSS`) during the workflow execution (requires user access), 
   * Obtained and staged by the user from a different source, or 

>    * Pulled from the `RRFS data bucket (rrfs_a data) <https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-rrfs/>`_.

Reviewer 2: I think this section is more general and the mention of RRFS specifically should not go here.

Author: This is included specifically because the new test case for the RRFS is not staged in standard locations, as many other WE2E experiments (data pulled from the SRW App Data Bucket). It is also a ready reference for obtaining readily available initialization data besides the HPSS or other sources ("Obtained and staged by the user from a different source"), for users external to NOAA who may not be aware of actual data sources.
The question of where to get the data to initialize the UFS/SRW model is one of the most frequently asked questions (sometimes directly sent to Maoyi), so it looks that including this info in the section on "Input and Output" is likely very beneficial to users.

Reviewer 2: I think this still needs to be more generic. There are several different models that can be pulled by SRW from the NODD buckets. It is not just RRFS.

>    * Pulled from the `NOAA-RRFS AWS S3 bucket <https://noaa-rrfs-pds.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html#rrfs_a/>`__, a description could be found in `NOAA Rapid Refresh Forecast System (RRFS) <https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-rrfs/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Pulled from the `RRFS data bucket (rrfs_a data) <https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-rrfs/>`_.
```
We're generally supposed to link only to that landing page, not directly to the data, because the landing page has all the licensing info and such. There are places where I'll link to the data, but it's usually with a very specific purpose. Here, we're just pointing them to the buckets, and we should do it in the same way for both.

   * Pulled from the `SRW App Data Bucket <https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-ufs-shortrangeweather/>`__,
   * Pulled from the NOAA High Performance Storage System (:term:`HPSS`) during the workflow execution (requires user access), or 

>    * Obtained and staged by the user from a different source,

Reviewer 3: Should remove `or` from line 23 and add it to line 24.

Author: updated

Reviewer 3: The `or` has been returned to line 23, rather than line 24.  Please reapply this modification.

Author: fixed

      USE_USER_STAGED_EXTRN_FILES: true
      EXTRN_MDL_SOURCE_BASEDIR_LBCS: /path/to/ufs-srweather-app/input_model_data/FV3GFS/grib2/YYYYMMDDHH

> The two ``EXTRN_MDL_SOURCE_BASEDIR_*CS`` variables describe where the :term:`IC <ICs>` and :term:`LBC <LBCs>` file directories are located, respectively. For ease of reusing ``config.yaml`` across experiments, it is recommended that users set up the raw :term:`IC/LBC <ICs/LBCs>` file paths to include the model name (e.g., FV3GFS, GEFS, GDAS, NAM, RAP, HRRR,RRFS), data format for (e.g., grib2, nemsio, netcdf), and date (in ``YYYYMMDDHH`` format). For example: ``/path/to/input_model_data/FV3GFS/grib2/2019061518/``. While there is flexibility to modify these settings, this structure will provide the most reusability for multiple dates when using the SRW Application workflow.

Reviewer 3: Include space between HRRR,RRFS and remove `for`.

```suggestion
The two ``EXTRN_MDL_SOURCE_BASEDIR_*CS`` variables describe where the :term:`IC <ICs>` and :term:`LBC <LBCs>` file directories are located, respectively. For ease of reusing ``config.yaml`` across experiments, it is recommended that users set up the raw :term:`IC/LBC <ICs/LBCs>` file paths to include the model name (e.g., FV3GFS, GEFS, GDAS, NAM, RAP, HRRR, RRFS), data format (e.g., grib2, nemsio, netcdf), and date (in ``YYYYMMDDHH`` format). For example: ``/path/to/input_model_data/FV3GFS/grib2/2019061518/``. While there is flexibility to modify these settings, this structure will provide the most reusability for multiple dates when using the SRW Application workflow.
```

Reviewer 3: The spacing and extra word have returned.  Please reapply these two modifications.

* GDAS: https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-gfs-bdp-pds/
* HRRR: https://registry.opendata.aws/noaa-hrrr-pds/ (necessary fields for initializing available for dates 2015 and newer)
* A list of the NOAA Open Data Dissemination (NODD) datasets can be found here: https://www.noaa.gov/nodd/datasets
* RRFS - experimental data is available starting 02/01/2024 for deteministic forecasts out to 60 hours at 00, 06, 12, and 18 UTC, and out to 18 hours for other cycles. Earlier dates, from 05/01/2023 to 01/31/2024, may contain only forecasts at 00, 06, 12, 18 UTC; user needs to verify that data exist for needed dates.

>   https://noaa-rrfs-pds.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html#rrfs_a/

Reviewer: @natalie-perlin This section is supposed to include a list of data sources we _don't_ manage. Is this an EPIC-established bucket?

Reviewer 2: This is not an EPIC-managed bucket. The folks running the RRFS parallels on WCOSS deliver data to this bucket in near real time.
